DOC-1843-transaction-consistency (#316)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/intro/pages/transaction-and-acid.adoc

= Transaction Processing and ACID Support
:pp: {plus}{plus}

Updated Sept 1, 2023

This document describes the transactional support provided by the TigerGraph platform.

A TigerGraph *transaction* is a sequence of operations which acts as a single logical unit of work.

A *read-only operation* in TigerGraph does not add or remove vertices or edges or change any vertex/edge attribute values. An *update operation* in TigerGraph is an operation which either changes some vertex/edge attribute value or inserts some new or delete some existing vertex/edge.

> The TigerGraph system provides full ACID transactions with read-commited consistency. Transactions are defined as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
The TigerGraph system provides full ACID transactions with strong consistency. Transactions are defined as follows:
```
